README.md, before:

# Event Dates Calendar



## Getting Started

Clone the application to your computer.
Steps to view the solution:
1. Open server application on IDE (I use VSCode).
2. Terminal: npm i
3. In terminal: npm start

Happy testing! :)

### Prerequisites

You'll need to install VSCode, Node, and clone the application, run npm i.

## Built With

* [Node.JS](https://nodejs.org/en/) - The web framework used - Server side.

## Contributing

Please read [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://gist.github.com/PurpleBooth/b24679402957c63ec426) for details on our code of conduct, and the process for submitting pull requests to us.

## Versioning

We use [SemVer](http://semver.org/) for versioning. For the versions available, see the [tags on this repository](https://github.com/your/project/tags).

## Author

* **Or Assayag** - *Initial work* - [orassayag](https://github.com/orassayag)
* Or Assayag <orassayag@gmail.com>
* GitHub: https://github.com/orassayag
* StackOverFlow: https://stackoverflow.com/users/4442606/or-assayag?tab=profile
* LinkedIn: https://il.linkedin.com/in/orassayag

## License

This application has an UNLICENSED License.

Commit message:

finish with the scan script

README.md, after:

# Event Dates Calendar

Built in March 2021. A Node.js application to create a notepad TXT file calendar by combining a few elements: copying old data from a previous event dates TXT file and create expiration events, birthdays events, and common events that repeats each day and each weekend / each second weekend. Another element is to import all the Jewish holidays and events from online website, and finally, take a static events to be included in the calendar. All theses will be combined into one new event dates TXT file. Also included - A script to scan the unmarked tasks.

## Getting Started

Clone the application to your computer.
Steps to view the solution:
1. Open server application on IDE (I use VSCode).
2. Terminal: npm i
3. In terminal: npm start

Happy testing! :)

### Prerequisites

You'll need to install VSCode, Node, and clone the application, run npm i.

## Built With

* [Node.JS](https://nodejs.org/en/) - The web framework used - Server side.

## Contributing

Please read [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://gist.github.com/PurpleBooth/b24679402957c63ec426) for details on our code of conduct, and the process for submitting pull requests to us.

## Versioning

We use [SemVer](http://semver.org/) for versioning. For the versions available, see the [tags on this repository](https://github.com/your/project/tags).

## Author

* **Or Assayag** - *Initial work* - [orassayag](https://github.com/orassayag)
* Or Assayag <orassayag@gmail.com>
* GitHub: https://github.com/orassayag
* StackOverFlow: https://stackoverflow.com/users/4442606/or-assayag?tab=profile
* LinkedIn: https://il.linkedin.com/in/orassayag

## License

This application has an UNLICENSED License.
